docs/quick-start.rst, before:

SNARE
=====

Super Next generation Advanced Reactive honEypot

Basic Concepts
""""""""""""""

* Surface first. Focus on the attack surface generation.
* Sensors and masters. Lightweight collectors (SNARE) and central decision maker (tanner).


Getting started
"""""""""""""""

 You need Python3. We tested primarily with >=3.4

 This was tested with a recent Ubuntu based Linux.

**Steps to setup:**

1. Get SNARE: ``git clone https://github.com/mushorg/snare.git`` and ``cd snare``

2. Install requirements: ``pip3 install -r requirements.txt``

3. Setup snare: ``sudo python3 setup.py install``

4. Clone a page: ``sudo clone --target http://example.com``

5. Run SNARE: ``sudo snare --port 8080 --page-dir example.com`` (See :doc:`parameters` description for more info)

6. Test: Visit http://localhost:8080/index.html

7. (Optionally) Have your own tanner_ service running.

.. _tanner: https://github.com/mushorg/tanner

[Note : Cloner clones the whole website, to restrict to a desired depth of cloning add ``--max-depth`` parameter]

You obviously want to bind to 0.0.0.0 and port 80 when running in *production*.

**Docker build instructions**
1. Change current directory to ``snare`` project directory
2. ``docker-compose build``
3. ``docker-compose up``

More information about running ``docker-compose`` can be found `here <https://docs.docker.com/compose/gettingstarted/>`_.

Commit message:

Updating introduction and basic concepts
Fixes https://github.com/mushorg/snare/issues/181

docs/quick-start.rst, after:

SNARE
=====

Super Next generation Advanced Reactive honEypot

Snare is a web application honeypot and is the successor of Glastopf, which has many of the same
features as Glastopf as well as ability to convert existing Web pages into attack surfaces with TANNER_.
Every event sent from SNARE to TANNER_ is evaluated, and TANNER_ decides how SNARE should respond to
the client. This allows the honeypot to produce dynamic responses which improves its camouflage.

.. _TANNER: https://github.com/mushorg/tanner

Basic Concepts
""""""""""""""

* Surface first. Focus on the attack surface generation.
* Sensors and masters. Lightweight collectors (SNARE) and central decision maker (tanner).
* Snare uses ``Cloner`` which clone the application, saves the files in ``/opt/`` and it serves it on top of itself
  and thus creates an attack surface.
* SNARE when fingerprinted by attackers shows that it is a Nginx Web application server.

Getting started
"""""""""""""""

 You need Python3. We tested primarily with >=3.4

 This was tested with a recent Ubuntu based Linux.

**Steps to setup:**

1. Get SNARE: ``git clone https://github.com/mushorg/snare.git`` and ``cd snare``

2. Install requirements: ``pip3 install -r requirements.txt``

3. Setup snare: ``sudo python3 setup.py install``

4. Clone a page: ``sudo clone --target http://example.com``

5. Run SNARE: ``sudo snare --port 8080 --page-dir example.com`` (See :doc:`parameters` description for more info)

6. Test: Visit http://localhost:8080/index.html

7. (Optionally) Have your own tanner_ service running.

.. _tanner: https://github.com/mushorg/tanner

[Note : Cloner clones the whole website, to restrict to a desired depth of cloning add ``--max-depth`` parameter]

You obviously want to bind to 0.0.0.0 and port 80 when running in *production*.

**Docker build instructions**
1. Change current directory to ``snare`` project directory
2. ``docker-compose build``
3. ``docker-compose up``

More information about running ``docker-compose`` can be found `here <https://docs.docker.com/compose/gettingstarted/>`_.
